paul scholes too
in one of them there was money
technician lamine n'diaye 17 people died in mudslides
the great news is the last of Brazil in 2005
london uk 1 3 thousand blood tests
paris reuters - the company of a grandson
the opposing networks
they are 27ºc on the radio I have no doubt an examination of dna
police officers on an emergency basis
due to the odd number of dilma
we have the group
this movie
the goal
pinto goals in the rural area
Paulo
the West
the same
he what I want last
decide
Diogo
report it
denying a news
It's logical that he and I
I love having fun
It is the most
Earth
tel
not
with a mixed team in the field
hill
not
this Sunday
on the 15th and 28th years of the beginning of the next year
when they surprised me
both from pmdb
of course yes
grandchild for this
so nobody
to be a mother
xx and early 2009
God gave me this goal.
air
ae
Paulo
air
not